index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Francis Olorunfemi Jacob – Cybersecurity Portfolio
---

# 👋 Hi, I'm Francis Olorunfemi Jacob

I specialize in **Blue Team cybersecurity practices**, with a focus on **log analysis**, **network forensics**, and **SIEM investigations**. My work is driven by practical, project-based learning and documented across multiple tools and environments.

This portfolio highlights key projects using **Wireshark**, **Cisco Packet Tracer**, **Splunk**, and **Windows security logs**, along with weekly blog posts on cyber hygiene and digital safety.


---

## 📂 Featured Projects

- 🔍 [Wireshark Projects](https://github.com/Femijay-code/wireshark-projects) – Packet analysis and protocol dissection.
- 📡 [Cisco Packet Tracer Projects](https://github.com/Femijay-code/cisco-packet-tracer-projects) – Network simulation labs with topology and ping testing.
- 📊 [Splunk Projects](https://github.com/Femijay-code/splunk-log-analysis) – Log analysis, dashboards, and security queries.
- 🛡️ [Windows Log Analysis](https://github.com/Femijay-code/windows-log-analysis-projects) – Real-world Blue Team SIEM investigations using Event Logs and Sysmon.

---

## 📖 Cyber Hygiene Blog

I'll be publishing **2–3 posts weekly** to raise awareness on cyber safety, online scams, and good security habits.

**Topics coming soon:**
- How to spot phishing links
- The importance of two-factor authentication
- Why you should update your software regularly

---

## 📬 Contact

- 💼 LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/francis-olorunfemi-jacob)  
- 📧 Email: `femijay123@gmail.com` 

[🧼 Visit the Cyber Hygiene Blog](https://femijay-code.github.io/blog/welcome)

Commit message:

corrected index.md with Linux project and updated link

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Francis Olorunfemi Jacob
---

# 👋 Hi, I'm Francis Olorunfemi Jacob

I specialize in **Blue Team cybersecurity practices**, with a focus on **log analysis**, **network forensics**, and **SIEM investigations**. My work is driven by practical, project-based learning and documented across multiple tools and environments.

This portfolio highlights key projects using **Wireshark**, **Cisco Packet Tracer**, **Splunk**, **Linux (Ubuntu & Kali)**, and **Windows security logs**, along with weekly blog posts on cyber hygiene and digital safety.

---

## 🔍 Featured Cybersecurity Projects

Here are some of the practical projects that demonstrate my skills in Blue Team operations:

- **[🐧 Linux Security Projects](https://github.com/Femijay-code/linux-security-projects)**  
  Projects using Ubuntu and Kali Linux focused on log analysis, bash scripting, file integrity monitoring, and security tooling inside a virtual lab.
  
- **[🪟 Windows Log Analysis Projects](https://github.com/Femijay-code/windows-log-analysis-projects)**  
  Real-world detection projects using Windows Event Viewer and Sysmon logs.

- **[🌐 Wireshark Network Analysis](https://github.com/Femijay-code/wireshark-projects)**  
  Capturing and analyzing PCAP files to detect suspicious or malicious activity.

- **[📊 Splunk Log Analysis](https://github.com/Femijay-code/splunk-log-analysis-projects)**  
  Investigating login behavior, log sources, and creating dashboards with SPL.

---

## 🧼 Visit the Cyber Hygiene Blog

Explore weekly blog posts that break down online safety topics in simple, relatable ways:  
[👉 Read the Cyber Hygiene Blog](https://femijay-code.github.io/blog/welcome)

---

## 📬 Contact

- 💼 LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/francis-olorunfemi-jacob)  
- 📧 Email: `femijay123@gmail.com`

---

Thanks for visiting my portfolio — feel free to connect or check out the blog for new content each week.
